what the study done go
it's gonna play that are you digging
right at you
who ripped it
creepy photo our Kissin tactic
someone's just silent oh right yeah fuck
I saw mr. Sanyal sketch done hunter I
don't know let's find out huh
so just look at this for a while if
anything happens
I thought I thought work
I'm gonna watch this video again oh my
god I saw it work you hear me
I saw orb I mean you feel it goosebumps
oh it's right by you
I don't want your face like you're
looking around I see I saw it work I
gotta show you the video he's right by
us or something
I'm with Chris I feel a z4
let's cool it got something well I feel
investigating what's gone now that was
right here though
yes I know
yeah cuz I'm happy there's another one
up again I think is getting mad who are
you
come on let's go up another one Hey look
at this you see it every thing I move
over there over there
there's something here might be secular
painting
know some custom Pascal I'm not scared I
would have left everyone here this is I
don't want to get now what over here
to cure this entire case on
why did you get up quiet you're sick
enough to the other
we stop